comity, positive
deleterious, negative
erudite, positive
fecund, positive
felicitous, positive
mordant, negative
exculpate, positive
myopic, negative
portend, negative
provincial, negative
salutary, positive
somnolent, neutral
churlish, negative
fractious, negative
limpid, positive
mawkish, negative
obeisance, neutral
perfunctory, negative
perilous, negative
predilection, positive
rapacious, negative
truculent, negative
laconic, neutral
opprobrium, negative
parsimonious, negative
tempestuous, negative
tenable, neutral
urbane, positive
verisimilitude, neutral
vitiate, negative
baroque, neutral
byzantine, negative
invidious, negative
numinous, positive
pellucid, positive
adroit, positive
animus, negative
inborn, neutral
polymath, positive
torpor, negative
trenchant, positive
apropos, neutral
virulent, negative
antedate, neutral
elucidate, positive
synoptic, neutral
vociferous, negative
inveterate, negative
pithy, positive
upbraid, negative
acquisitive, negative
blithe, positive
efficacious, positive
prolix, negative
veritable, positive
discomfit, negative
ebullient, positive
florid, negative
facetious, neutral
inveigle, negative
mendacity, negative
munificent, positive
parochial, negative
prevaricate, negative
recrudescent, negative
temporal, neutral
largesse, positive
libertine, negative
modish, neutral
aver, neutral
incontrovertible, positive
itinerant, neutral
magnanimous, positive
arresting, positive
fervent, positive
foment, negative
heterodox, neutral
histrionic, negative
inviolate, positive
obstinate, negative
painstaking, positive
phlegmatic, neutral
stinting, negative
vivacious, positive
convalescent, positive
languid, negative
mollify, positive
neutralize, neutral
precipitous, negative
pretentious, negative
mercurial, neutral
plaintive, negative
quiescent, neutral
subsume, neutral
surmount, positive
auspicious, positive
bereft, negative
captious, negative
pomposity, negative
ardent, positive
axiomatic, neutral
conducive, positive
equanimity, positive
idiosyncratic, neutral
lugubrious, negative
morose, negative
officious, negative
chary, neutral
excoriate, negative
exigent, neutral
implacable, negative
peccadillo, neutral
philistine, negative
turpitude, negative
unalloyed, positive
abeyance, neutral
august, positive
burnish, positive
distend, neutral
gauche, negative
inchoate, neutral
quash, negative
redoubtable, positive
retiring, neutral
sophistry, negative
abscond, negative
apogee, neutral
aspersion, negative
chagrin, negative
commiserate, positive
contretemps, negative
detente, positive
dowdy, negative
echelon, neutral
ennui, negative
expatiate, neutral
fraught, negative
imbroglio, negative
jocund, positive
nadir, negative
propitious, positive
prurient, negative
zenith, positive
aberrant, negative
callow, negative
cogitate, neutral
deportment, neutral
extemporize, neutral
factious, negative
fallow, neutral
feint, neutral
indecorous, negative
intrigue, positive
nominal, neutral
obdurate, negative
obstreperous, negative
precocious, positive
remuneration, positive
soliloquy, neutral
spurn, negative
stolid, neutral
temerity, negative
tenuous, negative
verve, positive
abrogate, negative
apprise, neutral
beguile, positive
extenuating, positive
frenetic, negative
ossify, negative
pastiche, neutral
perspicacious, positive
rhapsody, positive
serendipitous, positive
shirk, negative
sinecure, neutral
sinuous, neutral
sordid, negative
surfeit, negative
voluble, neutral
abstruse, negative
dilettante, negative
effrontery, negative
endow, positive
entreat, positive
gregarious, positive
indictment, negative
ineluctable, negative
levity, positive
malevolent, negative
patronize, negative
penurious, negative
piquant, positive
remote, neutral
reprobate, negative
turbid, negative
turgid, negative
vacuous, negative
