comity, state of being
deleterious, state of being
erudite, state of being
fecund, state of being
felicitous, state of being
mordant, state of being
exculpate, an act
myopic, state of being
portend, an act
provincial, state of being
salutary, state of being
somnolent, state of being
churlish, state of being
fractious, state of being
limpid, state of being
mawkish, state of being
obeisance, an act
perfunctory, state of being
perilous, state of being
predilection, state of being
rapacious, state of being
truculent, state of being
laconic, state of being
opprobrium, state of being
parsimonious, state of being
tempestuous, state of being
tenable, state of being
urbane, state of being
verisimilitude, state of being
vitiate, an act
baroque, state of being
byzantine, state of being
invidious, state of being
numinous, state of being
pellucid, state of being
adroit, state of being
animus, state of being
inborn, state of being
polymath, state of being
torpor, state of being
trenchant, state of being
apropos, state of being
virulent, state of being
antedate, an act
elucidate, an act
synoptic, state of being
vociferous, state of being
inveterate, state of being
pithy, state of being
upbraid, an act
acquisitive, state of being
blithe, state of being
efficacious, state of being
prolix, an act
veritable, state of being
discomfit, an act
ebullient, state of being
florid, state of being
facetious, state of being
inveigle, an act
mendacity, state of being
munificent, state of being
parochial, state of being
prevaricate, an act
recrudescent, state of being
temporal, state of being
largesse, state of being
libertine, state of being
modish, state of being
aver, an act
incontrovertible, state of being
itinerant, state of being
magnanimous, state of being
arresting, an act
fervent, state of being
foment, act
heterodox, state of being
histrionic, state of being
inviolate, state of being
obstinate, state of being
painstaking, act
phlegmatic, state of being
stinting, act
vivacious, state of being
convalescent, state of being
languid, state of being
mollify, act
neutralize, act
precipitous, state of being
pretentious, state of being
mercurial, state of being
plaintive, state of being
quiescent, state of being
subsume, act
surmount, act
auspicious, state of being
bereft, state of being
captious, state of being
pomposity, state of being
ardent, state of being
axiomatic, state of being
conducive, state of being
equanimity, state of being
idiosyncratic, state of being
lugubrious, state of being
morose, state of being
officious, state of being
chary, state of being
excoriate, an act 
exigent, state of being
implacable, state of being
peccadillo, state of being
philistine, state of being
turpitude, state of being
unalloyed, state of being
abeyance, state of being
august, state of being
burnish, an act
distend, an act
gauche, state of being
inchoate, state of being
quash, an act
redoubtable, state of being
retiring, state of being
sophistry, an act
abscond, an act
apogee, a state of being
aspersion, an act
chagrin, a state of being
commiserate, an act
contretemps, an act
detente, a state of being
dowdy, a state of being
echelon, a state of being
ennui, a state of being
expatiate, an act
fraught, a state of being
imbroglio, an act
jocund, a state of being
nadir, a state of being
propitious, a state of being
prurient, a state of being
zenith, a state of being
aberrant, a state of being
callow, a state of being
cogitate, an act
deportment, a state of being
extemporize, an act
factious, a state of being
fallow, a state of being
feint, an act
indecorous, a state of being
intrigue, an act 
nominal, a state of being
obdurate, a state of being
obstreperous, a state of being
precocious, a state of being
remuneration, a state of being
soliloquy, an act
spurn, an act 
stolid, a state of being
temerity, a state of being
tenuous, a state of being
verve, a state of being
abrogate, an act 
apprise, an act 
beguile, an act 
extenuating, a state of being 
frenetic, a state of being 
ossify, a state of being 
pastiche, an act
perspicacious, a state of being
rhapsody, an act 
serendipitous, a state of being 
shirk, an act
sinecure, state of being
sinuous, state of being
sordid, state of being
surfeit, state of being
voluble, state of being
abstruse, state of being
dilettante, state of being
effrontery, state of being
endow, state of being
entreat, state of being
gregarious, state of being
indictment, state of being
ineluctable, state of being
levity, state of being
malevolent, state of being
patronize, state of being
penurious, state of being
piquant, state of being
remote, state of being
reprobate, state of being
turbid, state of being
turgid, state of being
vacuous, state of being